feat: net target / connection specificity (#983)
paritytech/capi: Readme.md

const bin = bins({ polkadot: ["polkadot", "v0.9.38"] })

// A Polkadot development network
export const polkadotDev = net.dev({
  bin: bin.polkadot,
  chain: "polkadot-dev",
})

// The Polkadot relay chain
export const polkadot = net.ws({
  url: "wss://rpc.polkadot.io/",

>   targets: { dev: polkadotDev },

Reviewer: should we do this in the capi `nets.ts` file?

Author: No, as it would require separate server instances for differently-targeted examples.

## Development Networks

> During development, we may want to swap out the underlying connection with that
> of a devnet. This can be achieved with the `serve` command, followed by target
> specificity (in our case `dev`), a "--" and your devnet-using command. In this
> case, we'll run the script (`main.js`) with Node.JS.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
During development, we may want to swap out the underlying connection with that
of a devnet. This can be achieved via targets — by specifying alternate targets
in your `nets.ts` file, you can switch to them by wrapping your command with
`capi serve --target someTarget --`. For example:
```

> During development, we may want to swap out the underlying connection with that
> of a devnet. This can be achieved with the `serve` command, followed by target
> specificity (in our case `dev`), a "--" and your devnet-using command. In this
> case, we'll run the script (`main.js`) with Node.JS.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
During development, we may want to swap out the underlying connection with that
of a devnet. This can be achieved via targets — by specifying alternate targets
in your `nets.ts` file, you can switch to them by wrapping your command with
`capi serve --target someTarget --`. For example:
```
